Allow periodic Rx_Clock in low-cut network abstraction (#392)
modelica/fmi-ls-bus: docs/4____network_abstraction.adoc

==== Rx Clocks [[low-cut-rx-clocks]]

> The input Clocks (`Rx_Clock`) shall be `triggered` Clocks if they are to be driven by the respective Clock of the sender or bus simulator.

Reviewer: Shall we write "Bus Simulation" instead of "bus simulator" here?

> The input Clocks (`Rx_Clock`) shall be `triggered` Clocks if they are to be driven by the respective Clock of the sending frame or bus simulator.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The input Clocks (`Rx_Clock`) shall be `triggered` Clocks if they are to be driven by the respective Clock of the sender or bus simulator.
```

==== Rx Clocks [[low-cut-rx-clocks]]

The input Clocks (`Rx_Clock`) shall be `triggered` Clocks if they are to be driven by the respective Clock of the sending frame or bus simulator.

> Alternatively, the input Clocks (`Rx_Clock`) can be `periodic` Clocks matching the relevant Clock of the sender, which causes them to be scheduled for the same time instances. [This may allow for more efficient simulation in the case that there exists a more or less static communications schedule, and more detailed simulation of timing variation is not needed.]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, the input Clocks (`Rx_Clock`) can be `periodic` Clocks matching the relevant Clock of the sender, which causes them to be scheduled for the same time instances.

NOTE: This may allow for more efficient simulation in the case that there exists a more or less static communications schedule, and more detailed simulation of timing variation is not needed.
```
